[docs] Add checkpoint tutorial (#310)
facebookresearch/mmf: docs/source/tutorials/finetuning.md

> # Tutorial : Finetuning from pretrained models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tutorial: Finetuning from pretrained models
```

> # Tutorial : Finetuning from pretrained models

Reviewer: If possible, we should create simple colabs for all these so that users can easily follow.

In this tutorial, we will learn about the different details around finetuning from pretrained models like loading from checkpoints, loading a model from the model zoo and doing validation/inference using finetuned models. We will walk-through the tutorial by training a Visual BERT model and train/validate on Hateful Memes dataset.

> ## Pre-requisites and instalation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pre-requisites and installation
```

Follow the prerequisites for installation and dataset [here](https://github.com/facebookresearch/mmf/tree/master/projects/hateful_memes#prerequisites).

## Finetuning from a pretrained model

VisualBERT model is pretrained on V+L multimodal data. We will use a pretrained model on COCO Captions. To begin finetuning our VisualBERT model we will load a model pretrained on COCO Captions and finetune that on Hateful Memes.

```
mmf_run config=projects/visual_bert/configs/hateful_memes/from_coco.yaml model=visual_bert dataset=hateful_memes \
run_type=train_val
```

The config file contains two important changes :

```yaml
checkpoint:
  resume_pretrained: true
  resume_zoo: visual_bert.pretrained.coco
```

> Here `checkpoint.resume_pretrained` specifies if we want to resume from a pretrained model using the pretrained mappings defined in `checkpoint.pretrained_state_mapping`. `checkpoint.resume_zoo` specifies which pretrained model from our model zoo we want to use for this. In this case, we will use `visual_bert.pretrained.coco`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `checkpoint.resume_pretrained` specifies if we want to resume from a pretrained model using the pretrained state dict mappings defined in `checkpoint.pretrained_state_mapping`. `checkpoint.resume_zoo` specifies which pretrained model from our model zoo we want to use for this. In this case, we will use `visual_bert.pretrained.coco`.
```

`checkpoint.pretrained_state_mapping` specifies how a pretrained model will be loaded and mapped to which keys of the target model. We use it since we only want to load specific layers from the pretrained model. In the case of VisualBERT model, we want to load the pretrained `bert` layers. This is specified in our defaults.yaml:

```yaml
checkpoint:
  pretrained_state_mapping:
    model.bert: model.bert
```

> This will ensure only the `model.bert` layers of the pretrained model on COCO gets loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will ensure only the `model.bert` layers of the COCO pretrained VisualBERT model gets loaded.
```

> We can also use the default config for VisualBERT on hateful memes directly and override the pretrained options through command line args:

Reviewer: point to optlist documentation

```
mmf_run config=projects/visual_bert/configs/hateful_memes/defaults.yaml model=visual_bert dataset=hateful_memes \
run_type=train_val checkpoint.resume_pretrained=True checkpoint.resume_zoo=visual_bert.pretrained.coco
```

After running the training our model will be saved in `./save/<experiment_name>/visual_bert_final.pth`. Replace `./save` with `env.save_dir` if overriden.

## Finetuning from a pretrained checkpoint

Instead of loading from the model zoo we can also load from a file:

```
mmf_run config=projects/visual_bert/configs/hateful_memes/defaults.yaml model=visual_bert dataset=hateful_memes \
run_type=train_val checkpoint.resume_pretrained=True checkpoint.resume_file=<path_to_your_pretrained_model>
```

`checkpoint.resume_file` can also be used when loading a model file for evaluation or generating predictions. We will see more example usage of this later.

> ## Resuming training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resume training
```

With this, you want to change the title to something more descriptive. `Tutorial: Checkpointing, resuming, pretraining and fine-tuning` something on those lines

> If we want to resume our training if it gets intterupted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resume training if it gets interrupted, use:
```

```
mmf_run config=projects/visual_bert/configs/hateful_memes/defaults.yaml model=visual_bert dataset=hateful_memes \
run_type=train_val checkpoint.resume=True
```

> When `checkpoint.resume` is true, MMF will try to load automatically the last saved checkpoint in the `env.save_dir` experiment folder `current.ckpt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `checkpoint.resume=True`, MMF will try to load automatically the last saved checkpoint in the `env.save_dir` experiment folder `current.ckpt`.
```

Reviewer: I will also suggest to add structure of save_dir in this tutorial so users understand what is happening

> Instead of the last saved checkpoint, we can also resume from the best checkpoint based on early_stopping criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of the last saved checkpoint, we can also resume from the best checkpoint based on early_stopping criteria by passing `checkpoint.resume_best=True` as well.
```
Convert early_stopping criteria to the exact configuration parameter path.
